TELCODOCS#1834: Thick provisioning using LVM Storage (#74624)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-about-lvmcluster-cr.adoc

|`deviceClasses.thinPoolConfig`
|`object`
|Contains the configuration to create a thin pool in the LVM volume group. 

> If you exclude this field, logical volumes are thick-provisioned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you exclude this field, the logical volumes are thick provisioned. 
```
I don't think the hyphen is needed in this instance since the words are acting as a complement to a noun rather than an adjective or adverb directly proceeding the noun.

> The limitations of using thick-provisioned storage are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The limitations of using thick-provisioned storage include:
```
Just a suggestion for added simplicity.

Reviewer 2: Looking at the [IBM Style's](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording) rules on lead-in sentences for lists, I think that the right answer might be in the middle.
```suggestion
Using thick-provisioned storage includes the following limitations:
```

> * Lack of copy-on-write support for volume cloning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No copy-on-write support for volume cloning.
```

> * Lack of support for snapshot class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No support for snapshot class.
```

> * Lack of support for over-provisioning. As a result, the provisioned capacity of `PersistentVolumeClaims` (PVCs) is immediately reduced from the volume group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No support for over-provisioning. As a result, the provisioned capacity of `PersistentVolumeClaims` (PVCs) is immediately reduced from the volume group.
```

> * Thick-provisioned devices lack support for thin metrics. They only support volume group metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No support for thin metrics. Thick-provisioned devices only support volume group metrics.
```

Reviewer: I think that these changes make the list a little more succinct and parallel without changing the meaning too much.
